1 ) write a simple HTTP web client program
using TCP Sockets to download a web page .
Get the URL and pass it for buffering
the content and Write it as a html
file and make it to get downloaded .

2 ) write a program to implement echo client
and echo Server using TCP Sockets . This client /
Serves pair runs a simple TCP socket program
as an Echo Server that allows one/more
client ho connect to the server .

3 ) write a program to implement inter process .
Communication ( chat ) using stream sockets with
the help of Socket interface provided TCP
Sockets .

4 ) write a file server program using TCP
Sockets . The Server sends A reply to the user
with the files specified file needs to be
downloaded . If the file does not exist , error
message needs to be displayed from the server .

5 ) write a program to implement
using UDP the DNS Sockets . The DNS Should have
different domains with corresponding IP
addresses . Resolve the user given domain with
the IP and display it to the user . Also indicate
the error message to the user when domain
is not resolved .

6 ) write a program to implement ARP / RARP
protocols .

7.Write a program to implement distance vector routing algorithm and illustrate path taken for sending the packets from source to destination.

8. Write a program to implement link state
routing algorithm and illustrate path
taken for rending the packet from source to
destination

9.Write a program to implement CRC Error
detection technique	

10.Write the use of the following network
commands and simulate it to show its output
with PDUs
 tcpdump
 netstat
 ifconfig
 nslookup
 traceroute 
11(7).Write any one congestion control mechanisms 
and simulate the functionalities using
network simulator .

12.Write illustration of any two routing protocols with the network nodes/hop from a sender to receiver with atleast four to five computing nodes and simulate it in the 

13(8).Write the study of TCP/UDP performance and show it usong any one simulation tool.

14.Write the performance evaluation of any simulation tool.
